(Both scream)
[TAKEO] You dropped this! Ma'am!
Wait! You dropped something!
[MOTHER]
I-I'm sorry. Thank you.
Thank you so much..
[TAKEO]
I'm Takeo Goda.
And I'm in high school.
Kinda freaked her out,
didn't I?
[SUNA]
You have really
heavy footsteps.
'Kay, then... If that
ever happens again...
I'll just sneak up
real quiet-like.
No, that might
actually be worse.
You're like the bear in
the forest from that song!
I love her!
Right. It picks up
a girl's earring
and chases after her.
When I heard that song
the first time,
I couldn't help but wonder
what it was the bear was
really looking for.
I mean, people normally
run if a bear's
coming at them.
A bear can also chase
down someone if it found
something of theirs.
And the girl did end up finding
out that the bear was actually
a really good person, right?
Well, a good BEAR.
Not a person.
And I'm sure they became friends
and nothing more than that.
[TAKEO]
Uh yeah... probably.
(Sad sigh)
Huh?
I'm sorry!
I'm not making sense, am I?
That came out wrong!
Hm?
It's just that...
Well, just because the bear
helps the girl, it doesn't mean
they're falling in love or
anything like that, does it?!
She's said stuff
like that before.
I don't think she really
understands something...
Ms. Yamato, I'm not
popular with girls.
Huh? You're not?
Not at all.
That would be Suna.
[RINKO]
Yeah, well Suna's a good guy.
I mean, I know that, but...
But, so, uh...
You're not popular
with the girls, Takeo?
The only two people on Earth
who aren't terrified of me
and think I'm cool
are you and Suna.
Alright. I think I get it.
[TAKEO] The girl who was
chased by the bear...
I feel better now.
The two of them danced,
but they never fall in love.
♪Opening song♪
[KURIHARA]
Alright, Goda, you're gonna be
in the Swedish Relay
and The Ball Throw!
Got it.
Dude!
Goda's gotta be
in the tug-of-war!
It's lame they limit it
to two events per person.
They made the rule
BECAUSE of Goda.
The Swedish Co-ed Relay Race
is the premiere event in the
sports festival.
And it's worth a lot of
points! If we win that,
we have a great chance
to take the whole thing!
Bring it! We have
totally got this!
[RINKO]
Sports festival?
Then what was that
thing the other day?
[TAKEO]
That was a soccer
tournament, uh...
[RINKO]
Oh, okay. And what's
a Swedish relay?
[TAKEO]
It's a relay with four runners.
[SUNA]
It's a medley relay with four
runners.
The first runs 100 meters,
the next, 200, then 300,
and 400 meters for a
total of 1000 meters.
It's called the "Swedish Relay"
because that's where it
originated.
(TAKEO AND RINKO)
OHH!
When they pass the baton,
it always looks so hard.
It can be.
It always makes me
so nervous. Ooh!
[TAKEO]
You can practice
it over and over,
but you still end up
dropping it sometimes.
He's been running in
the relay race ever
since elementary school.
What? No way!
That's so cool!
I've always admired fast people.
I'm a total slowpoke!
[TAKEO]
Oh really? So, Ms. Yamato's
not a runner.
Everyone must have told you
how awesome you are, huh?
Well, no. Most of them
just pointed and laughed
and took pictures and stuff.
Or just sat and stared.
What? Why would
they do that?
It's probably a reasonable human
response to seeing something
they can't possibly comprehend.
[TAKEO]
Think so?
Ah?
But being fast doesn't
make girls like me.
Agh! No, no, please, you
don't have to think that
now I'm all worried
about that, okay?!
I'm just so impressed.
You're good at everything.
You're the coolest
guy I know.
UUHHH!
You are SO cute...
[TAKEO]
You are the cutest person ever!
Cu-
(Struggling groan)
Hm?
I can't say it!
Here ya go.
Thanks!
Suna, would you
like some tea?
Sure. Thank you.
Even though I think it, I can't
bring myself to tell her.
And even though I know
that if I told her,
it'd make her really happy...
(Rinko giggles)
I can't.
It's embarrassing!
Although I can't say it,
I think you're super cute.
And gorgeous.
And awesome!
(Heavy breathing)
[REI]
Whoo!
Aw yeah!
How'd we do?
We're gonna lose some time
with the baton, but still.
Nice!
All right, guys,
let's give it another go!
[REI]
Uh! AHH!
(Pained scream)
(Others gasp)
[NURSE]
Well, it's a pretty bad sprain.
[OTHERS]
What?!
I'm afraid
there's no way
you'll be able to
run in the relay.
Ugh... Oh God... Sorry, guys.
We'll have to go through the
girls who aren't in two events
yet and pick from them.
Uh... Guess it's me.
It's all my fault!
I've ruined everything!
(Crying)
Take it easy.
I mean, Mariya
doesn't do this...
Dude, don't listen to her!
All you have to do
is hand the baton to Goda
and it'll be fine!
Uh, okay.
HM!
(Heavy breathing)
Oh dear Lord...
All the fast girls have
already entered two events.
That's just great...
I've screwed up the
tournament for everyone.
[MURATA]
Uh, it's okay.
We still have Goda.
[OKA]
True. He may be
all we need.
Uh!
(Intense growl)
Oh, he looks mad.
[TAKEO]
Is she really that slow?
Guess I never paid
much attention to
how fast people are.
Ms. Yamato's not
very fast, either.
(Cell phone jingles)
[RINKO]
Takeo, are you free today?
We never made any plans so see
each other, but I'd like to!
Please!
(Takeo giggles)
[TAKEO]
I have relay practice after
school. I'll be done by 4.
(Jingle)
Oh!
[RINKO]
Then, let's meet up
for a little bit.
I'll head over
to your school.
I love her!
[OKA]
Huh? Mariya, you have
a stomach ache?
[MARIYA]
Yeah. It really hurts.
Takeo? You're out
here by yourself.
Yeah. One of the members had
a stomach-ache or something,
so practice was cancelled.
I see...
[TAKEO]
So, Ms. Yamato, I know
you're slow at running.
Have you tried moving
your legs really fast?
Yeah! Super fast!
But no matter how
fast I kick,
everyone seems to
move faster than me!
Okay then, uh... You pump
your arms really fast too?
My arms?
Guess I never really thought
about what my arms are doing.
You wanna try
running for a bit?
Yeah, that'll be fun!
I'll go really fast!
(Quick breaths)
Huh. She's pumping
and kicking all right,
but she's just not
going anywhere.
I feel like I might be
a little quicker running
like I'm used to...
Just by a little bit.
Okay. Stick with that.
[RINKO]
I'm a lot slower than
you are, aren't I?
I guess so.
I wish I could be
fast like that.
I think it would be so cool
to win "first place," ya know?
Ms. Yamato is so cute.
I love her. I don't
care how slow she is.
(Chuckle)
Huh?
Ahh... UH!
(Coughing)
How's your
stomach doing?
Uh... My stomach?
Oh, um... I, uh...
Were you faking?
No! I wasn't faking it! God, no!
I'm just feeling
a little better.
Oh yeah?
Look, you could never
understand, alright?
Understand what?
I think I made
him mad again!
I apologize.
Ahh?!
Uhh...
[MARIYA] (Heavy breathing)
Goda, hold it! Wait!
Huh?
Slow down...
(Wheezing)
Don't run...
I was walking.
You... walk... fast...
I'm kinda hungry,
so maybe that's why.
I'm sorry.
Oh, uh... no... I, uh...
About what?
I'm sorry that I'm so slow.
You're not that slow.
Huh?
HUH?!
I'd say you're
about average.
I am not!
I'm painfully slow!
Well, you don't need
to be sorry for that.
Whatever. I'm messing
it up for everyone else on
the team and you know it.
No, you're not.
Listen, you are not
messing anything up.
Everyone moves at their own
pace. We are all different.
Huh?
You see, there's no way
you can possibly get it
because you've always been fast.
Uh!
I think it would be so cool
to win "first place," ya know?
Do you want to
win first place?
Uh... Well, yeah...
Of course I do, but....
[TAKEO]
If you want to practice,
I'll practice with you.
I say we start right now.
Huh?! I'm not in my
tracksuit or anything!
Then we'll start up
tomorrow morning!
Um, okay then...
[TAKEO]
Swing your arms! Faster!
Like this! Swing 'em faster!
There's got to be a better way
to teach someone to run faster.
He looks pissed!
(Heavy breathing)
[TAKEO]
Saijo!
Uh? AH!
HUURGH!
(Screaming)
[TAKEO]
Why are you running away?
(Panting)
AHH! I'm sorry! I'll do
better next time, I promise!
Huh?
You dropped something.
Oh, thank you.
See? You CAN
run fast!
Huh?
Maybe I should
chase you.
Try running in
front of me.
Okay...
(Mariya screaming)
OH!
Her time keeps
getting better!
I think I'm gonna start
getting him to chase me!
(Wheezing)
That was great!
(Infatuated sigh)
Hm!
So, uh... So then the
relay race is co-ed?
[TAKEO]
Yep!
Girls do not like me.
What?! No, no, no!
I wasn't saying that.
It's just interesting,
that's all!
I just never thought about boys
and girls being on the team.
[TAKEO]
Okay.
So what part are you
running in the race?
I'm the anchor.
Aah! You are so dreamy!
CU-
(Sputtering)
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato. You are the
cutest girl in history.
You know what?
Hmmm?
I don't think you're quite as
unpopular as you think you are.
Hm?
No. Girls are
afraid of me.
Hmm... Forget it.
Never mind.
[SUNA]
Good night, Takeo.
Later!
(Cell phone jingle)
[RINKO]
Takeo, do your best tomorrow!
I'll be cheering for you!
[TAKEO]
Don't worry, Ms. Yamato.
(Loud popping)
(Crowd cheers)
I'm not what girls
are looking for.
(Loud cheers)
(Girls cheering for Suna)
Listen, men! We're down, but
the relay can change everything!
Yeah!
We're all counting
on you, Mariya!
Y-yeah...
Crush the
competition!
Ugh, God.
Now my stomach
really does hurt.
[TAKEO]
Saijo!
Huh?
You just run the best you can
and hand me the baton.
Leave everything else to me!
[TAKEO]
You're gonna be fine.
Just remember what we
did in practice!
'Kay?
Mm-hmm...
On your mark. Get set...
(BANG)
(Crowd cheers)
[KURIHARA]
Whoo! Nice job guys!
Looking good, people!
Keep it up!
[CROWD]
Uhh...
Uh! AHH! UGH!
(All gasp)
Uhh! Crap!
(Gasp)
You're okay! Keep going!
Ah! Uh!
(Heavy breathing)
Hm!
(Gasp)
HRAAGGH!
There he goes!
(Cheering)
(Quick grunting)
(Amazed gasps)
[ANNOUNCER]
And the winner, with an amazing
come-from-behind fourth leg,
is Class 1-6!
You rock!
I'm freaking out!
You were incredible!
[KURIHARA]
I'm losing my mind!
HM!
Ahh...
I've always thought
that if some other girl were
to fall in love with Takeo
and try to take him
away from me,
that I would totally
stand up and fight for him.
But I'm going to have to
learn how to fight of course.
You don't have
to worry.
What if...
What if dancing with the bear
is such a good thing...
that she wants to dance
with him again?
[ALL]
Hmm?
Goda...
Oh hey! You all right?
You took quite a spill.
Uh... yeah...
um... I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Sure.
(Excited breath)
(Mariya giggles)
[NANAKO]
You wanna learn to fight?
Maybe you should dress
all hot or something.
Make yourself
irresistible.
Other girls might
be going after him
since his girlfriend goes
to a different school.
You could get, like,
matching phone straps
to show everybody
that he's yours.
I can do that right now!
What do you think
of this one?
I dunno. I don't think
you're phone will fit
in your bag anymore.
I think the whole thing
is a bag itself.
[RINKO]
Uh... okay...
Hmmm...
[NANAKO]
She really loves the guy.
(Phone jingles)
[RINKO]
Takeo, I have something
I want to give you.
Can you meet me in the park?
[TAKEO]
Hm! Ms. Yamato wants
to give me something.
Yeah? Since she took
the time to text you
it's probably
more than a dessert.
Maybe it's a
bunny rabbit...
Hm?
[TAKEO]
There she is.
[MARIYA] Goda!
[RINKO] Hey, Takeo!
Oh?
Ahh...
Huh?
Oh! Ms. Yamato. This is Saijo.
Uh. Nice to meet you.
[TAKEO]
Saijo, this is Ms. Yamato.
Uh, hi. Hello there.
[TAKEO]
She's my girlfriend!
(Embarrassed sigh)
Ah, "girlfriend."
That sounds good.
Well, I guess Saijo
came to see you...
Did you want to talk to
Takeo about something?
Oh, I just had something
I wanted to give him. Here.
Something for me?
Uh... You helped
me out so much
during the relay,
so, uh...
[TAKEO]
It's a towel!
Yeah. To thank you.
Takeo's always been a big
believer in hand towels.
[MARIYA]
Huh? You don't use
regular towels?
Oh, no, it's not
anything like that.
It's just my Mom's always
said they're useful.
I finally have a
full-sized towel!
(Laughing)
Alright. You're so silly.
It's so fluffy!
Fluffy-wuffy!
(Laughing)
Well, I'm glad you like it!
Uh! Oh...
Okay, I should
get going now.
[TAKEO]
Sorry I didn't
get you anything.
Oh, it's fine. I just wanted
to say thank you.
See ya! Bye-bye!
So, um... So Saijo
was running with you
in the relay race?
Yeah.
(Nervous sigh)
[TAKEO]
What is it you wanted
to give me, Ms. Yamato?
Oh!
[TAKEO]
I cannot believe this is
actually my cell phone!
To think one little strap
changes everything!
And it matches mine, too.
We have matching phones...!
Thank you! I love it!
[NANAKO]
Wait, wait, wait.
Your boyfriend got a towel
from some other girl?
(All exclaiming)
What kind of towel was it?!
[RINKO]
It'll be fine, right?
[ALL]
Hm?
Look, Rinko, your boyfriend
runs really fast.
It's extremely possible that's
what this girl fell for.
Was the girl even
good-looking?
Um... Yeah.
I mean she was pretty cute
and nice enough, I guess.
And, well, she does kinda
have some pretty big boobs.
(All exclaiming)
Yeah, but well, Takeo
totally introduced me
to her as his girlfriend.
You are so naive.
Some girls out there
are only attracted
to guys who are taken.
Well, I am going
to fight for him!
And I won't lose!
(All cheering and yelling)
If she really does like Takeo,
then the two of us
might not be all that
different from each other.
[ALL]
Huh?
If I had met her under
different circumstances,
then we might've
been friends.
It's too late for that.
Liking the same guy
is, like, not a solid
foundation for friendship.
Rinko! Go wait for him
in front of the school gate!
[AYU]
Let everyone know
he's your man!
Yeah. M'kay...
[RINKO]
Love really is a
battlefield, isn't it?
[MARIYA]
Is that a new phone strap?
Oh yeah, Ms. Yamato
gave it to me yesterday.
It matches the one she has.
Uhh...
Ah, you've got matching
phone straps
and your wallpaper is a
picture of the two of you?
That's a little over the top.
I mean, c'mon, right?
What are you talking
about? I like it.
See ya.
[MARIYA]
Uh! Goda! Hey! Wait! Hold on-
Huh?
Ahhh!
Ugh!
(Gasp)
[TAKEO]
You okay?
[MARIYA]
Jeez, Goda, you really
do walk fast...
Sorry... Ah!
[TAKEO]
What's wrong?
Did you sprain your ankle?
I'll lend a shoulder.
Mmm... How about
my shoulder?
Uhh...
This isn't gonna
work, either.
I guess we'll just
walk her home.
Huh?!
Mmm...
I'll carry you, if you
don't mind a piggyback ride.
Agh! Uhh...
[TAKEO]
Or I could do it.
(Happily)
OOHH!
[SUNA]
No, I will.
Uggh...
Well, this is unusual.
Does Suna like this girl?
[MARIYA]
I'd like Goda...
Huh?
I'd like Goda to
carry me home.
[TAKEO]
Sure thing!
Takeo...
(GASP)
Ms. Yamato?
Ah!
What are you doing here?
(Nervous sigh)
This is great! Did you come all
the way out here to see me?
Uh...
Mm-hmm...
Well Saijo here
sprained her ankle,
so I'm gonna take her home.
You mind waiting here
for a minute with Suna?
I'll be right back.
Huh? Is she all right?
Yeah. It won't be long!
(Worried sigh)
[MARIYA]
Your girlfriend seem like
a really nice person.
Yeah!
(Light groan)
Um, Suna, tell me...
do you think this Saijo girl
is falling in love with Takeo?
Hm. It's hard to tell.
(Whimper)
[SUNA]
But it's Takeo.
So I wouldn't worry.
[RINKO]
Yeah...
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato!
Oh?
(Rapid breaths)
(Gleeful giggle)
(Chuckle)
Hm.
[MARIYA]
Um, Goda.
[TAKEO]
Hey, is your leg
feeling better?
Yeah! Um...
Can I talk to you about
something... after school?
Can you meet me at
the chicken coop?
Sure.
(Schoolbell rings)
Uh, hey there, Suna.
Where's Takeo?
[TAKEO]
What's up?
(Chickens clucking)
Stomach hurt again?
Oh, no, no!
My stomach's fine!
Um, I...
Ah!
Goda... I like you.
(Nervous gasp)
[MARIYA]
A-as a person!
Uh!
And a mentor!
I'd like for you to teach
me and be my master.
A mentor?
I'm not a person
who's worthy of being
someone's master.
But if she's so
desperate to call me
that, how can I say no?
Okay!
(Happy gasp)
Well, that's really it.
That's all I wanted to say.
Okay!
Hmm.
[RINKO]
As a person? A mentor?
Hm? Ms. Yamato?
Ah!
Did you come to see me again?
Uh.
I feel so much better!
I have been worried sick
thinking that Saijo
might have developed
romantic feelings for you!
I've been making her worry?
Now I feel bad.
I told you that I'm not
very popular with the girls.
Mm-hmm! And that
is fine by me!
Oh, I didn't
mean it like that!
You can be popular with
the girls if you want to!
I'm not sure what we're
talking about anymore.
Just forget it.
[TAKEO]
I only need to be
popular with one girl.
And that's you, Ms. Yamato.
Hmm...
(Giggling)
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Pupil.